xii Introdulsion.

place in the scriptorium or library os the Abbey
for nearly two hundred yearS, during which time
every inmate would have constant access to a work
which could not sail to arouse his interest and
excite his critical comments, is not to shake his
saith in the orthodon story os his founder's
fortunes, the authorities of that institution would
permit a transcript such as this undoubtedly is, an
unpolilhed, almost, we may say, an uncorree'ted
copy to be made about the beginning of the four·
teentb century?

ΙΙΙ. Nomen or τηε Htsronrcnn Pornrs3
nno or τηε Tnnnstnrron

In this unique MS, which hasbeen earesully
collated sor the press, there are few points to
which the attention os the reader may conve-
niently be directed here. The simple e is used in
all cases sor the ae or ιτ os standard Latin ortho-
graphy3 h is occafionally added to such words as
abundo, where the aspirare is manifestly an error,
its addition, no doubt, marking the peculiar pro-
nunciation of Latin by our insular scholars at the
time when this manuscript was prepared. Another
interesting deviation from the claffical form, but
one which is very representative os the early
mediaeval period, is the use os the forms reicio,
eicio, etc„ sor rejicio, ejicio, etc, where the j is
eliminated from its proper place between two
vowels. Set is used generally sor Sed.

The punduation is peculiar: no rules appear

 

